Update README to include reference to COSMOS and the CriticalMaas CDR (#20)
UW-xDD/document-store: README.md

[the xDD snippets API](https://xdd.wisc.edu/api/snippets?term=Belle%20Fourche%20Formation&set=dolomites))
but can be managed independently (e.g., by USGS as part of the CriticalMAAS program). 

> Work is ongoing to integrate the system with the [CriticalMAAS CDR schemas](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/cdr_schemas)

Reviewer: Suggested wording:

> Work is ongoing to integrate the system into the CriticalMAAS CDR, beginning by porting the model into the [ central CriticalMAAS CDR schemas](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/cdr_schemas)

> Work is ongoing to integrate the system with the [CriticalMAAS CDR schemas](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/cdr_schemas)

Author: ```suggestion
Work is ongoing to integrate the system into the CriticalMAAS CDR, beginning by porting the model into the 
[central CriticalMAAS CDR schemas](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/cdr_schemas)
```
